hello together dear friends of
espresso tvr now presents you
What nobody else has presented
at least arrest on foot seen
Astoria is a well-known brand
espresso maker of the now
machine for gas as well as for
home user with third - party vibration
doll and decay and technology and the
Machine for both solid water and
suitable in tank operation and now have
we just dismantled you can see already
that the series is processed
Water tank then the tax box is shield
An estimated twelve musicians are watching the cable
The group will then have here has
because even mix for cold water
and hot water so that at the bande
kettle can now be tempered
stainless steel
of it is as a whole super cool
and now just take the thing
for companies and see what happens
this is the same of Astrid Zimmer here always
use with our beautiful astoria and
mama if that makes coffee or if it is
are men is test mode we have ourselves
just on solid water
connected to see if the
at all works with fixed price
ehrwald it is now personal to me
premiere
I always thought that vibrating combo
and to water readily admits but how
You can see here is connected
on the lock line so it seems to be
function
but like oxygen
but actually as
works that works bad too
even from the result it flows out and
I can only say one thing because they are new
Of course, machines are now
entitled to stop again now
But try new machines
Just do not try it until first
run through
kesel rinse etc what you for the
whole production arrears or it
had a hard time with it just that
is triggered that there are many small
oxidation layers so in the beginning that
but we are not close to it
drink was very brand new and
run through
but it was the result I have to say
straightforward clear thing so I fit
am now surprised that the case
small team like that
make good results and time all
very nice reserved and great
processed and therefore I can say is
Real consideration worth it for me now
first time that I see the machine
ok and it's just first in
took operation had noticed , for example
that just here on the steam kiel and
the outlet bisserl be tightened
must because in tests orders to
just keep reading the gas
there they were not working at the factory
That's exactly what happened from time to time
machine is thoroughly checked before each
the house therefore leaves the advantage
and that's why Sala thinks humor is up
next time